
# PANELS
Here you will find the side, front door, and bottom panels I created for the printer.  The back panel, is Aluminum Composite material.  This is commonly referred to as ACM panel material, and it is thin aluminum, on both sides, with some sort of plastic in the middle.  The reason why I chose this for the back, is because aluminum can act as a good heatsink, but also, it is VERY easy to work with, especially for mounting.  Simple machine screws are all that are needed to be able to mount electronics, power supply, etc etc,  Obviously, since aluminum is conductive, you must take care as to how you mount these, and the pictures of my machine, can show you how I mounted mine.  You will also notice, that there are holes cut for the Carbon/HEPA filter I designed.  You can remix this if you want, and leave the holes out, but that is why they are there.  Anyway, pretty straight forward, and if you have any questions, just ask.  The bottom panel is also ACM.

The side panels are polycarbonate.  As you can see, I have also included the STEP file, since I decided to engrave these on my CNC machine with a hexagonal type of pattern.  I then created LED mounting "clips" that allowed me to use Mini-NeoPixel LEDs to light this panel from the side.  The effect of this is quite awesome, as it looks like neon, highlighting the hexagonal engraving.  Obviously you can engrave anything you want, and the effects can be dramatic, especialyl if you couple them with printing status type of functionality etc.

The front door (panels are identical) is again pretty straight forward, and this is mounted with the hinges and clips I have provide here as well.  Look at the pictures again, and it is easy to determine how these are mounted.  

The tollerance of these are TIGHT!  This is by design, since I wanted to make sure as much heat as possible is kept in the printing chamber.  This was also aided by using thin 1mm weather strip to line the ooutside of the panels.
